Fixes #1115: Procedure for detecing cycles in graph (#2111)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/partials/usage/apoc.nodes.cycles.adoc

The examples in this section are based on the following sample graph:

[source,cypher]
----
CREATE (m1:Start {bar: 'alpha'}) with m1 CREATE (m1)-[:DEPENDS_ON {id: 0}]->(m2:Module {bar: 'one'})-[:DEPENDS_ON {id: 1}]->(m3:Module {bar: 'two'})-[:DEPENDS_ON {id: 2}]->(m1)  WITH m1, m2, m3 CREATE (m1)-[:DEPENDS_ON {id: 3}]->(m2), (m2)-[:ANOTHER {id: 4}]->(m3), (m2)-[:DEPENDS_ON {id: 5}]->(m3) CREATE (m1)-[:DEPENDS_ON {id: 6}]->(:Module {bar: 'seven'})-[:DEPENDS_ON {id: 7}]->(:Module {bar: 'eight'})-[:DEPENDS_ON {id: 8}]->(m1);
CREATE (m1:Start {bar: 'beta'}) with m1 CREATE (m1)-[:MY_REL {id: 9}]->(m2:Module {bar: 'three'})-[:MY_REL  {id: 10}]->(m3:Module {bar: 'four'})-[:MY_REL {id: 11}]->(m1);
CREATE (m1:Start {bar: 'gamma'}) with m1 CREATE (m1)-[:DEPENDS_ON {id: 12}]->(m2:Module {bar: 'five'})-[:DEPENDS_ON {id: 13}]->(m3:Module {bar: 'six'});
CREATE (m1:Start {bar: 'delta'}) with m1 CREATE (m1)-[:DEPENDS_ON {id: 20}]->(m1);
CREATE (m1:Start {bar: 'epsilon'}) with m1 CREATE (m1)-[:DEPTH_ONE {id: 30}]->(:Module {bar: 'seven'})-[:DEPTH_ONE {id: 31}]->(m1);
----

> The dataset above consists in a node `alpha` with 2 cycles, a  node `beta` with 1 cycles,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data set above consists in a node `alpha` with 2 cycles, a  node `beta` with 1 cycles,
```

and a `epsilon` node with a self-relationship:

image::dataset_cycle.png[width=800]

We can execute the following query which looks for all the cycles starting from the `Start` nodes:

[source,cypher]
----
MATCH (m1:Start) WITH collect(m1) as nodes CALL apoc.nodes.cycles(nodes) YIELD path RETURN path
----

image::all_cycles.png[width=800]

Note that, in case of nodes with double-rels 
(in this example, between `(:Start {bar: 'alpha'})` and `(:Module {bar: 'one'})` and between `(:Module {bar: 'one'})` and `(:Module {bar: 'two'})`),
only the first cycle found will be considered.

We can also specify a list of relationship types to detect cycles. For example:

[source,cypher]
----
MATCH (m1:Start) WITH collect(m1) as nodes CALL apoc.nodes.cycles(nodes, {relTypes: ["DEPENDS_ON", "MY_REL", "NOT_EXISTENT"]}) YIELD path RETURN path
----

image::rel_types_cycles.png[width=800]

Furthermore, we can specify a `maxDepth` to consider cycles with only `n` intermediate nodes. For example:

[source,cypher]
----
MATCH (m1:Start) WITH collect(m1) as nodes CALL apoc.nodes.cycles(nodes, {maxDepth: 1}) YIELD path RETURN path
----

image::cycles_max_depth_1.png

> Note that is allowed also a `maxDepth: 0`, returning only nodes with a self-rel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that is allowed also a `maxDepth: 0`, returning only nodes with one or more self relationships:
```
